# Gru Network 
Generates self-generated play scripts by using Shakespeare as training data.

# Training Data
MARCELLUS	Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy,
	And will not let belief take hold of him
	Touching this dreaded sight, twice seen of us:
	Therefore I have entreated him along
	With us to watch the minutes of this night;
	That if again this apparition come,
	He may approve our eyes and speak to it.

HORATIO	Tush, tush, 'twill not appear.

BERNARDO	Sit down awhile;
	And let us once again assail your ears,
	That are so fortified against our story
	What we have two nights seen.

HORATIO	Well, sit we down,
	And let us hear Bernardo speak of this.

BERNARDO	Last night of all,
	When yond same star that's westward from the pole
	Had made his course to illume that part of heaven
	Where now it burns, Marcellus and myself,
	The bell then beating one,--

	[Enter Ghost]

MARCELLUS	Peace, break thee off; look, where it comes again!

# Text generated by the network
ING HENRY IV,
	The Lord of Warwick, and Servants and Soldiers]

	Lord Chaebell and Silence, who can set
	A strange service the chain of the king,
	And he will be the first of the king to him.
	We'll see his heir there will I see the king
	To see him seem to see his hands to heaven,
	And so he shall be so. We will not know,
	I hope I have a straight. Where is he stay?
	We will not stay the company of them.

KING RICHARD III	What say'st thou, man?
	We have seen the dead of the consent of heaven,
	And see the world to see the wars of heaven
	As he intent to see his servant dead.

	[Enter PRINCE HENRY and CLIFFORD]

KING HENRY V	What says the king?

KING EDWARD IV	                  The king, my lord, to know
	I have a story of your hate at hand.

GLOUCESTER	I have not said the little honour of the king.

KING RICHARD III	He hath a seat and heavy sound the king.

GLOUCESTER	What says the matter? where is the king?

KING EDWARD IV	Welcome to the king that has been sent the king.

KING EDWARD
